---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cloudflare-extended Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare-extended Provider



## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "scaffolding" {
  # example configuration here
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `api_key` (String) The API key for operations. Alternatively, can be configured using the `CLOUDFLARE_API_KEY` environment variable. API keys are [now considered legacy by Cloudflare](https://developers.cloudflare.com/fundamentals/api/get-started/keys/#limitations), API tokens should be used instead. Must provide only one of `api_key`, `api_token`, `api_user_service_key`.
- `api_token` (String) The API Token for operations. Alternatively, can be configured using the `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN` environment variable. Must provide only one of `api_key`, `api_token`, `api_user_service_key`.
- `api_user_service_key` (String) A special Cloudflare API key good for a restricted set of endpoints. Alternatively, can be configured using the `CLOUDFLARE_API_USER_SERVICE_KEY` environment variable. Must provide only one of `api_key`, `api_token`, `api_user_service_key`.
- `base_url` (String) Value to override the default HTTP client base URL. Alternatively, can be configured using the `base_url` environment variable.
- `email` (String) A registered Cloudflare email address. Alternatively, can be configured using the `CLOUDFLARE_EMAIL` environment variable. Required when using `api_key`. Conflicts with `api_token`.
- `user_agent_operator_suffix` (String) A value to append to the HTTP User Agent for all API calls. This value is not something most users need to modify however, if you are using a non-standard provider or operator configuration, this is recommended to assist in uniquely identifying your traffic. **Setting this value will remove the Terraform version from the HTTP User Agent string and may have unintended consequences**. Alternatively, can be configured using the `CLOUDFLARE_USER_AGENT_OPERATOR_SUFFIX` environment variable.
