---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cloudflare-extended_workers_script Resource - terraform-provider-cloudflare-extended"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare-extended_workers_script (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) Identifier
- `parts` (Attributes Map) A module comprising a Worker script, often a javascript file. Multiple modules may be provided as separate named parts, but at least one module must be present and referenced in the metadata as `main_module` or `body_part` by part name. Source maps may also be included using the `application/source-map` content type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parts))
- `script_name` (String) Name of the script, used in URLs and route configuration.

### Optional

- `bindings` (Attributes Set) Set of bindings available to the worker. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bindings))
- `body_part` (String) Name of the part in the multipart request that contains the script (e.g. the file adding a listener to the `fetch` event). Indicates a `service worker syntax` Worker.
- `compatibility_date` (String) Date indicating targeted support in the Workers runtime. Backwards incompatible fixes to the runtime following this date will not affect this Worker.
- `compatibility_flags` (Set of String) Flags that enable or disable certain features in the Workers runtime. Used to enable upcoming features or opt in or out of specific changes not included in a `compatibility_date`.
- `keep_bindings` (Set of String) Set of binding types to keep from previous_upload.
- `logpush` (Boolean) Whether Logpush is turned on for the Worker.
- `main_module` (String) Name of the part in the multipart request that contains the main module (e.g. the file exporting a `fetch` handler). Indicates a `module syntax` Worker.
- `message` (String) Rollback message to be associated with this deployment. Only parsed when query param `"rollback_to"` is present.
- `migrations` (Attributes) Migrations to apply for Durable Objects associated with this Worker. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--migrations))
- `placement_mode` (String) Enables [Smart Placement](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/configuration/smart-placement). Only `"smart"` is currently supported
- `tags` (Set of String) Set of strings to use as tags for this Worker
- `tail_consumers` (Attributes Set) Set of Workers that will consume logs from the attached Worker. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tail_consumers))
- `usage_model` (String) Usage model to apply to invocations.
- `version_tags` (Map of String) Key-value pairs to use as tags for this version of this Worker

### Read-Only

- `created_on` (String) When the script was created.
- `etag` (String) Hashed script content, can be used in a If-None-Match header when updating.
- `id` (String) Name of the script, used in URLs and route configuration.
- `modified_on` (String) When the script was last modified.
- `startup_time_ms` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--parts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parts`

Required:

- `part` (String) Script content.

Optional:

- `module` (Boolean) True if the script part is a javascript module.


<a id="nestedatt--bindings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bindings`

Optional:

- `bucket_name` (String) Name of the R2 Bucket for R2 Bindings.
- `certificate_id` (String) ID of the certificate to bind to.
- `class_name` (String) The exported class name of the Durable Object.
- `environment` (String) Environment to bind to.
- `id` (String) ID of the D1 database to bind to.
- `name` (String) Name of the binding variable.
- `queue_name` (String) Name of the Queue to bind to.
- `script_name` (String) The script where the Durable Object is defined, if it is external to this Worker.
- `service` (String) Name of Worker to bind to.
- `type` (String) Type of binding. You can find more about bindings on our docs: https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/configuration/multipart-upload-metadata/#bindings.


<a id="nestedatt--migrations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `migrations`

Optional:

- `deleted_classes` (List of String) A list of classes to delete Durable Object namespaces from.
- `new_classes` (List of String) A list of classes to create Durable Object namespaces from.
- `new_sqlite_classes` (List of String) A list of classes to create Durable Object namespaces with SQLite from.
- `new_tag` (String) Tag to set as the latest migration tag.
- `old_tag` (String) Tag used to verify against the latest migration tag for this Worker. If they don't match, the upload is rejected.
- `renamed_classes` (Attributes List) A list of classes with Durable Object namespaces that were renamed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--migrations--renamed_classes))
- `steps` (Attributes List) Migrations to apply in order. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--migrations--steps))
- `transferred_classes` (Attributes List) A list of transfers for Durable Object namespaces from a different Worker and class to a class defined in this Worker. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--migrations--transferred_classes))

<a id="nestedatt--migrations--renamed_classes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `migrations.renamed_classes`

Optional:

- `from` (String)
- `to` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--migrations--steps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `migrations.steps`

Optional:

- `deleted_classes` (List of String) A list of classes to delete Durable Object namespaces from.
- `new_classes` (List of String) A list of classes to create Durable Object namespaces from.
- `new_sqlite_classes` (List of String) A list of classes to create Durable Object namespaces with SQLite from.
- `renamed_classes` (Attributes List) A list of classes with Durable Object namespaces that were renamed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--migrations--steps--renamed_classes))
- `transferred_classes` (Attributes List) A list of transfers for Durable Object namespaces from a different Worker and class to a class defined in this Worker. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--migrations--steps--transferred_classes))

<a id="nestedatt--migrations--steps--renamed_classes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `migrations.steps.renamed_classes`

Optional:

- `from` (String)
- `to` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--migrations--steps--transferred_classes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `migrations.steps.transferred_classes`

Optional:

- `from` (String)
- `from_script` (String)
- `to` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--migrations--transferred_classes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `migrations.transferred_classes`

Optional:

- `from` (String)
- `from_script` (String)
- `to` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--tail_consumers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tail_consumers`

Required:

- `service` (String) Name of Worker that is to be the consumer.

Optional:

- `environment` (String) Optional environment if the Worker utilizes one.
- `namespace` (String) Optional dispatch namespace the script belongs to.
